[bitnami/logstash] Updated README (#7013)
bitnami/charts: bitnami/logstash/README.md

This Logstash configuration can be adjusted using the *input*, *filter*, and *output* parameters, which allow specification of the input, filter and output plugins configuration respectively. In addition to these options, the chart also supports reading configuration from an external ConfigMap via the *existingConfiguration* parameter.

Refer to the [chart documentation for more information on customizing the Logstash deployment](https://docs.bitnami.com/kubernetes/apps/logstash/configuration/customize-deployment/).

### Create and use multiple pipelines

The chart supports the use of [multiple pipelines](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/logstash/master/multiple-pipelines.html) by setting the *enableMultiplePipelines* parameter to *true*.

To do this, place the *pipelines.yml* file in the *files/conf* directory, together with the rest of the desired configuration files. If the *enableMultiplePipelines* parameter is set to *true* but the *pipelines.yml* file does not exist in the mounted volume, a dummy file is created using the default configuration (a single pipeline).

> The chart also supports setting an external ConfigMap with all the configuration filesvia the *existingConfiguration* parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The chart also supports setting an external ConfigMap with all the configuration files via the *existingConfiguration* parameter.
```

For more information and an example, refer to the chart documentation on [using multiple pipelines](https://docs.bitnami.com/kubernetes/apps/logstash/configuration/use-multiple-pipelines/).

### Add extra environment variables

To add extra environment variables, use the `extraEnvVars` property.

```yaml
extraEnvVars:
  - name: ELASTICSEARCH_HOST
    value: "x.y.z"
```

> To add extra environment variables from an external ConfigMap or secrets, use the `extraEnvVarsCM` and `extraEnvVarsSecret` properties. Note that the secret and ConfigMap should be already available in the namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add extra environment variables from an external ConfigMap or secret, use the `extraEnvVarsCM` and `extraEnvVarsSecret` properties. Note that the secret and ConfigMap should be already available in the namespace.
```
